azure-functions-maven-plugin/README.md, before:

# Maven Plugin for Azure Functions
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure/azure-functions-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.microsoft.azure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22azure-functions-maven-plugin%22)

#### Table of Content
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Goals](#goals)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Common Configuration](#common-configuration)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Supported Regions](#supported-regions)
    - [Supported Pricing Tiers](#supported-pricing-tiers)
- [How To](#how-to)
    - [Add new function to current project](#add-new-function-to-current-project)
    - [Generate `function.json` from current project](#generate-functionjson-from-current-project)
    - [Run Azure Functions locally](#run-azure-functions-locally)
    - [Deploy Azure Functions to Azure](#deploy-azure-functions-to-azure)
- [Common Questions](#common-questions)    

## Prerequisites

Tool | Required Version
---|---
JDK | 1.8
Maven | 3.0 and above
[.Net Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core) | Latest version
[Azure Functions Core Tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-functions-core-tools) | 2.0 and above
>Note: [See how to install Azure Functions Core Tools - 2.x](https://aka.ms/azfunc-install)

## Goals

#### `azure-functions:package`
- Scan the output directory (default is `${project.basedir}/target/classes`) and generating `function.json` for each function (method annotated with `FunctionName`) in the staging directory.
- Copy JAR files from the build directory (default is `${project.basedir}/target/`) to the staging directory.

> The default lifecycle phase for `azure-functions:package` is `package`. You can simply run `mvn package` to generate all the outputs you need to run/deploy your project.

> Default staging directory is `${project.basedir}/target/azure-functions/${function-app-name}/`

#### `azure-functions:add`
- Create new Java function and add to current project.
- You will be prompted to choose template and enter parameters. Templates for below triggers are supported as of now:
    - HTTP Trigger
    - Azure Storage Blob Trigger
    - Azure Storage Queue Trigger
    - Timer Trigger
    - Event Grid Trigger
    - Event Hub Trigger
    - Cosmos DB Trigger
    - Service Bus Queue Trigger
    - Service Bus Topic Trigger

#### `azure-functions:run`
- Invoke Azure Functions Local Emulator to run all functions. Default working directory is the staging directory.

#### `azure-functions:deploy` 
- Deploy the staging directory to target Azure Functions.
- If target Azure Functions does not exist already, it will be created.
 

## Usage

To use the Maven Plugin for Azure Functions in your Maven Java app, add the following snippet to your `pom.xml` file:

```xml
<project>
  ...
  <build>
    ...
    <plugins>
      ...
      <plugin>
        <groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId>
          <artifactId>azure-functions-maven-plugin</artifactId>
          <version>1.0.0-beta-3</version>
          <configuration>
            ...
          </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </build>
</project>
```

Read [How-To](#how-to) section to learn detailed usages.

## Common Configuration

This Maven plugin supports common configurations of all Maven Plugins for Azure.
Detailed documentation of common configurations is at [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).

## Configurations

This Maven Plugin supports the following configuration properties:

Property | Required | Description
---|---|---
`<resourceGroup>` | true | Specifies the Azure Resource Group for your Azure Functions.
`<appName>` | true | Specifies the name of your Azure Functions.
`<region>`* | false | Specifies the region where your Azure Functions will be hosted; default value is **westus**. All valid regions are at [Supported Regions](#supported-regions) section.
`<pricingTier>`* | false | Specifies the pricing tier for your Azure Functions; default value is **Consumption**. All valid pricing tiers are at [Supported Pricing Tiers](#supported-pricing-tiers) section.
`<appSettings>` | false | Specifies the application settings for your Azure Functions, which are defined in name-value pairs like following example:<br>`<property>`<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`<name>xxxx</name>`<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`<value>xxxx</value>`<br>`</property>`
`<deploymentType>` | false | Specifies the deployment approach you want to use.<br>Supported values are `msdeploy` and `ftp`. Default value is **`msdeploy`**.
>*: This setting will be used to create a new Azure Functions if specified Azure Functions does not exist; if target Azure Functions already exists, this setting will be ignored.

### Supported Regions
All valid regions are listed as below. Read more at [Azure Region Availability](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/regions/services/).
- `westus`
- `westus2`
- `eastus`
- `eastus2`
- `northcentralus`
- `southcentralus`
- `westcentralus`
- `canadacentral`
- `canadaeast`
- `brazilsouth`
- `northeurope`
- `westeurope`
- `uksouth`
- `eastasia`
- `southeastasia`
- `japaneast`
- `japanwest`
- `australiaeast`
- `australiasoutheast`
- `centralindia`
- `southindia`

### Supported Pricing Tiers
Consumption plan is the default if you don't specify anything for your Azure Functions.
You can also run Functions within your App Service Plan. All valid App Service plan pricing tiers are listed as below.
Read more at [Azure App Service Plan Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/app-service/).
- `F1`
- `D1`
- `B1`
- `B2`
- `B3`
- `S1`
- `S2`
- `S3`
- `P1`
- `P2`
- `P3`

## How-To

### Generate the function archetype
Run below command to generate the function archetype:

```cmd
mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=com.microsoft.azure -DarchetypeArtifactId=azure-functions-archetype
```

### Add new function to current project
Run below command to create a new function:
- In package `com.your.package`
- Named `NewFunction`
- Bound to `HttpTrigger`

```cmd
mvn azure-functions:add -Dfunctions.package=com.your.package -Dfunctions.name=NewFunction -Dfunctions.template=HttpTrigger
```

You don't have to provide all properties on command line. Missing properties will be prompted for input during the execution of the goal.

### Generate `function.json` from current project

Follow below instructions, you don't need to handwrite `function.json` any more.
1. Use annotations from package `com.microsoft.azure:azure-functions-java-library` to decorate your functions. 
2. Run `mvn clean package`; then `function.json` files will be automatically generated for all functions in your project.

### Run Azure Functions locally

With the help of goal `azure-functions:run`, you can run your Azure Functions in current project locally with below command:

```cmd
mvn azure-functions:run
```

If you want to start the function host in debug mode, please add `-DenableDebug` as the argument.
```cmd
mvn azure-functions:run -DenableDebug
``` 

>Note:
>Before you can run Azure Functions locally, install [.Net Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core) and 
[Azure Functions Core Tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-functions-core-tools) first.

### Deploy Azure Functions to Azure

Directly deploy to target Azure Functions by running `mvn azure-functions:deploy`.

Supported deployment methods are listed as below. Default value is **MSDeploy**.
- MSDeploy
- FTP

## Common Questions
**Q: Can I upload other static content, e.g. html files, as part of the function deployment?**

**A:** You can achieve this by adding configurations for the `maven-resources-plugin`. For example:
```xml
<plugin>
  <artifactId>maven-resources-plugin</artifactId>
  <executions>
    <execution>
      <id>copy-resources</id>
      <phase>package</phase>
      <goals>
        <goal>copy-resources</goal>
      </goals>
      <configuration>
        <overwrite>true</overwrite>
        <outputDirectory>${stagingDirectory}</outputDirectory>
        <resources>         
          ...         
          <!-- Your static resources -->
          <resource>
            <directory>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources</directory>
            <includes>
              <include>www/**</include>
            </includes>
          </resource>
        </resources>
      </configuration>
    </execution>
    ...
  </executions>
</plugin>
```

Commit message:

add existing app service plan in readme (#263)

azure-functions-maven-plugin/README.md, after:

# Maven Plugin for Azure Functions
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure/azure-functions-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.microsoft.azure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22azure-functions-maven-plugin%22)

#### Table of Content
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Goals](#goals)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Common Configuration](#common-configuration)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
    - [Supported Regions](#supported-regions)
    - [Supported Pricing Tiers](#supported-pricing-tiers)
- [How To](#how-to)
    - [Add new function to current project](#add-new-function-to-current-project)
    - [Generate `function.json` from current project](#generate-functionjson-from-current-project)
    - [Run Azure Functions locally](#run-azure-functions-locally)
    - [Deploy Azure Functions to Azure](#deploy-azure-functions-to-azure)
- [Common Questions](#common-questions)    

## Prerequisites

Tool | Required Version
---|---
JDK | 1.8
Maven | 3.0 and above
[.Net Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core) | Latest version
[Azure Functions Core Tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-functions-core-tools) | 2.0 and above
>Note: [See how to install Azure Functions Core Tools - 2.x](https://aka.ms/azfunc-install)

## Goals

#### `azure-functions:package`
- Scan the output directory (default is `${project.basedir}/target/classes`) and generating `function.json` for each function (method annotated with `FunctionName`) in the staging directory.
- Copy JAR files from the build directory (default is `${project.basedir}/target/`) to the staging directory.

> The default lifecycle phase for `azure-functions:package` is `package`. You can simply run `mvn package` to generate all the outputs you need to run/deploy your project.

> Default staging directory is `${project.basedir}/target/azure-functions/${function-app-name}/`

#### `azure-functions:add`
- Create new Java function and add to current project.
- You will be prompted to choose template and enter parameters. Templates for below triggers are supported as of now:
    - HTTP Trigger
    - Azure Storage Blob Trigger
    - Azure Storage Queue Trigger
    - Timer Trigger
    - Event Grid Trigger
    - Event Hub Trigger
    - Cosmos DB Trigger
    - Service Bus Queue Trigger
    - Service Bus Topic Trigger

#### `azure-functions:run`
- Invoke Azure Functions Local Emulator to run all functions. Default working directory is the staging directory.

#### `azure-functions:deploy` 
- Deploy the staging directory to target Azure Functions.
- If target Azure Functions does not exist already, it will be created.
 

## Usage

To use the Maven Plugin for Azure Functions in your Maven Java app, add the following snippet to your `pom.xml` file:

```xml
<project>
  ...
  <build>
    ...
    <plugins>
      ...
      <plugin>
        <groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId>
          <artifactId>azure-functions-maven-plugin</artifactId>
          <version>1.0.0-beta-3</version>
          <configuration>
            ...
          </configuration>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </build>
</project>
```

Read [How-To](#how-to) section to learn detailed usages.

## Common Configuration

This Maven plugin supports common configurations of all Maven Plugins for Azure.
Detailed documentation of common configurations is at [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).

## Configurations

This Maven Plugin supports the following configuration properties:

Property | Required | Description
---|---|---
`<resourceGroup>` | true | Specifies the Azure Resource Group for your Azure Functions.
`<appName>` | true | Specifies the name of your Azure Functions.
`<region>`* | false | Specifies the region where your Azure Functions will be hosted; default value is **westus**. All valid regions are at [Supported Regions](#supported-regions) section.
`<pricingTier>`* | false | Specifies the pricing tier for your Azure Functions; default value is **Consumption**. All valid pricing tiers are at [Supported Pricing Tiers](#supported-pricing-tiers) section.
`<appServicePlanResourceGroup>` | false | Specifies the resource group of the existing App Service Plan when you do not want to create a new one. If this setting is not specified, plugin will use the value defined in `<resourceGroup>`.
`<appServicePlanName>` | false | Specifies the name of the existing App Service Plan when you do not want to create a new one.
`<appSettings>` | false | Specifies the application settings for your Azure Functions, which are defined in name-value pairs like following example:<br>`<property>`<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`<name>xxxx</name>`<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`<value>xxxx</value>`<br>`</property>`
`<deploymentType>` | false | Specifies the deployment approach you want to use.<br>Supported values are `msdeploy` and `ftp`. Default value is **`msdeploy`**.
>*: This setting will be used to create a new Azure Functions if specified Azure Functions does not exist; if target Azure Functions already exists, this setting will be ignored.

### Supported Regions
All valid regions are listed as below. Read more at [Azure Region Availability](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/regions/services/).
- `westus`
- `westus2`
- `eastus`
- `eastus2`
- `northcentralus`
- `southcentralus`
- `westcentralus`
- `canadacentral`
- `canadaeast`
- `brazilsouth`
- `northeurope`
- `westeurope`
- `uksouth`
- `eastasia`
- `southeastasia`
- `japaneast`
- `japanwest`
- `australiaeast`
- `australiasoutheast`
- `centralindia`
- `southindia`

### Supported Pricing Tiers
Consumption plan is the default if you don't specify anything for your Azure Functions.
You can also run Functions within your App Service Plan. All valid App Service plan pricing tiers are listed as below.
Read more at [Azure App Service Plan Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/app-service/).
- `F1`
- `D1`
- `B1`
- `B2`
- `B3`
- `S1`
- `S2`
- `S3`
- `P1`
- `P2`
- `P3`

## How-To

### Generate the function archetype
Run below command to generate the function archetype:

```cmd
mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=com.microsoft.azure -DarchetypeArtifactId=azure-functions-archetype
```

### Add new function to current project
Run below command to create a new function:
- In package `com.your.package`
- Named `NewFunction`
- Bound to `HttpTrigger`

```cmd
mvn azure-functions:add -Dfunctions.package=com.your.package -Dfunctions.name=NewFunction -Dfunctions.template=HttpTrigger
```

You don't have to provide all properties on command line. Missing properties will be prompted for input during the execution of the goal.

### Generate `function.json` from current project

Follow below instructions, you don't need to handwrite `function.json` any more.
1. Use annotations from package `com.microsoft.azure:azure-functions-java-library` to decorate your functions. 
2. Run `mvn clean package`; then `function.json` files will be automatically generated for all functions in your project.

### Run Azure Functions locally

With the help of goal `azure-functions:run`, you can run your Azure Functions in current project locally with below command:

```cmd
mvn azure-functions:run
```

If you want to start the function host in debug mode, please add `-DenableDebug` as the argument, the function host will open a debug port at 5005.
```cmd
mvn azure-functions:run -DenableDebug
```

>Note:
>Before you can run Azure Functions locally, install [.Net Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core) and 
[Azure Functions Core Tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-functions-core-tools) first.

### Deploy Azure Functions to Azure

Directly deploy to target Azure Functions by running `mvn azure-functions:deploy`.

Supported deployment methods are listed as below. Default value is **MSDeploy**.
- MSDeploy
- FTP

## Common Questions
**Q: Can I upload other static content, e.g. html files, as part of the function deployment?**

**A:** You can achieve this by adding configurations for the `maven-resources-plugin`. For example:
```xml
<plugin>
  <artifactId>maven-resources-plugin</artifactId>
  <executions>
    <execution>
      <id>copy-resources</id>
      <phase>package</phase>
      <goals>
        <goal>copy-resources</goal>
      </goals>
      <configuration>
        <overwrite>true</overwrite>
        <outputDirectory>${stagingDirectory}</outputDirectory>
        <resources>         
          ...         
          <!-- Your static resources -->
          <resource>
            <directory>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources</directory>
            <includes>
              <include>www/**</include>
            </includes>
          </resource>
        </resources>
      </configuration>
    </execution>
    ...
  </executions>
</plugin>
```
