azure-webapp-maven-plugin/README.md, before:

# Maven Plugin for Azure App Service

## Table of Content
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Goals](#goals)
      - [`azure-webapp:config`](#azure-webappconfig)
      - [`azure-webapp:deploy`](#azure-webappdeploy)
  - [Configuration Details](#configuration-details)
      - [`<javaVersion>`](#javaversion)
      - [`<webContainer>`](#webcontainer)
      - [`<resource>`](#resource)
      - [`<region>`](#region)
      - [`<pricingTier>`](#pricingtier)
  - [Samples](#samples)
  - [Feedback and Questions](#feedback-and-questions)
  - [Data and Telemetry](#data-and-telemetry)

## Overview
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure/azure-webapp-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.microsoft.azure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22azure-webapp-maven-plugin%22)

The Maven Plugin for Azure App Service provides seamless integration into Maven projects,
and makes it easier for developers to deploy your applications to following types of [Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/):
  - [Web App on Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service-web/app-service-linux-intro)
  - [Web App on Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/app-service-web-overview)
  - [Web App for Containers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/tutorial-custom-docker-image)


## Prerequisites

Tool | Required Version
---|---
JDK | 1.7 or above
Maven | 3.0 or above
## Quick Start
1. Make sure you have already authenticated in Azure. You can use the Azure CLI 2.0 for authentication. More authentication methods can be found [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).

   - Install the Azure CLI 2.0 by following the instructions in the [Install Azure CLI 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) article.
   - Run the following commands to log into your Azure subscription：
    ```
        $ az login
        $ az account set --subscription <subscription Id>
    ```
2. You could create a new Azure App Service and fill in the information in the `pom.xml`. This configuration can also be generated by [`azure-webapp:config`](#azure-webappconfig).
    ```xml
    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId>
                <artifactId>azure-webapp-maven-plugin</artifactId>
                <!-- check Maven Central for the latest version -->
                <version>1.6.0</version>
                <configuration>
                    <schemaVersion>v2</schemaVersion>
                    <resourceGroup>${RESOURCEGROUP_NAME}</resourceGroup>
                    <appName>${WEBAPP_NAME}</appName>
                    <runtime>
                        <os>linux</os>
                        <javaVersion>jre8</javaVersion>
                        <webContainer>tomcat 8.5</webContainer>
                    </runtime>
                    <deployment>
                        <resources>
                            <resource>
                                <directory>${project.basedir}/target</directory>
                                <includes>
                                    <include>*.war</include>
                                </includes>
                            </resource>
                        </resources>
                    </deployment>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>      
    ```
3. Use the following commands to deploy your project to Azure App Service.
    ```
    $ mvn azure-webapp:deploy
    ```

<a name="goals"></a>
## Goals

#### `azure-webapp:config`
-  A plugin goal providing a great experience for managing the configuration of [azure-webapp:deploy](#azure-webappdeploy), it will add configurations for your App Service into your pom.xml or rewrite existing ones based on your input.
-  The plugin goal will divide the configuration into 3 parts.
   1. Application
        
        You can configure appName, resource group, region, pricing tier at this part.
   2. Runtime
        
        You can configure operating system and runtime stack at this part. It should be noted that you can not change the operating system after you deploy it.
   3. DeploymentSlot
        
        You can configure deployment slot at this part.

#### `azure-webapp:deploy`
- Deploy artifacts or docker container image to an Azure Web App based on your configuration.<br>If the specified Web App does not exist, it will be created.
- Configuration:
    Common configurations of all Maven Plugins for Azure can be found [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).    

    > Using v2 schema is recommended. Please click [here](v1-schema.md) if you want to find more details about v1 schema (deprecated).

    Property | Required | Description | Version
    ---|---|---|---
    `<schemaVersion>` | false | Specify the version of the configuration schema. Supported values are: `v1`, `v2`. | 1.5.2
    [`<region>`](#region) | true | Specifies the region where your Web App will be hosted; the default value is **westus**. All valid regions at [Supported Regions](#region) section. | 0.1.0+
    `<resourceGroup>` | true | Azure Resource Group for your Web App. | 0.1.0+
    `<appName>` | true | The name of your Web App. | 0.1.0+
    [`<pricingTier>`](#pricingtier) | false | The pricing tier for your Web App. The default value is **P1V2**.| 0.1.0+
    `<deploymentSlot>` | false | The deployment slot to deploy your application. You could find detail samples for deployment slot at [here](../docs/web-app-samples.md).| 1.3.0+
    `<appServicePlanResourceGroup>` | false | The resource group of the existing App Service Plan. If not specified, the value defined in `<resourceGroup>` will be used by default. | 1.0.0+
    `<appServicePlanName>` | false | The name of the existing App Service Plan. | 1.0.0+
    `<appSettings>` | false | Specifies the application settings for your Web App. You could find detail samples for appsettings at [here](../docs/web-app-samples.md). | 0.1.0+
    `<stopAppDuringDeployment>` | false | To stop the target Web App or not during deployment. This will prevent deployment failure caused by IIS locking files. | 0.1.4+
    [`<runtime>`](#runtimesetting) | true | The runtime environment configuration, you could see the detail [here](#runtimesetting). | 0.1.0+
    [`<deployment>`](#deploymentsetting) | true | The deployment configuration, you could see the details [here](#deploymentsetting). | 0.1.0+


- <a name=runtimesetting></a> Runtime settings 

    Supported `<os>` values are *Linux*, *Windows* and *Docker*.    

    The runtime settings of v2 configuration could be omitted if users specify an existing Web App in the configuration and just want to do the deployment directly.
    ```xml
    <configuration>        
        <runtime>
            <os>Linux</os>
            <javaVersion>jre8</javaVersion>
            <webContainer></webContainer>
        </runtime>        
    </configuration>
    ```

    ```xml
    <configuration>
        <runtime>
            <os>Docker</os>
            <!-- only image is required -->
            <image>[hub-user/]repo-name[:tag]</image>
            <serverId></serverId>
            <registryUrl></registryUrl>
        </runtime>
    </configuration>
    ```
- <a name=deploymentsetting></a> Deployment settings

    Users don't need to care about the deployment type in v2 configuration.
    Just configure the resources to deploy to the Web App.

    It will use the [zip deploy](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deploying-from-a-zip-file) for fast and easy deploy.
    But if the artifact(s) are war package(s), [war deploy](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deploying-WAR-files-using-wardeploy) will be used.
    Mix deploying war packages and other kinds of artifacts is not suggested and will cause errors.
    ```xml
    <configuration>
        ...
        <deployment>
         <resources>
          <resource>
            <directory>${project.basedir}/target</directory>
            <includes>
               <include>*.jar</include>
            </includes>            
          </resource>
         </resources>
        </deployment>
    </configuration>
    ```

## Configuration Details
#### `<javaVersion>`
<b>The supported values for Web App on Linux are `jre8`,`java11`.</b>

<b>The supported values for Web App on Windows:</b>

 Supported Value | Description
---|---
`1.7` | Java 7, Newest minor version
`1.7.0_51` | Java 7, Update 51
`1.7.0_71` | Java 7, Update 71
`1.8` | Java 8, Newest minor version
`1.8.0_25` | Java 8, Update 25
`1.8.0_60` | Java 8, Update 60
`1.8.0_73` | Java 8, Update 73
`1.8.0_111` | Java 8, Update 111
`1.8.0_92` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 8, Update 92
`1.8.0_102` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 8, Update 102
`11` | Java 11
`11.0.2_ZULU` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 11
> Note: It is recommended to ignore the minor version number so that the latest supported JVM will be used in your Web App.
  

#### `<webContainer>`

<b>The supported Value for web App on Linux</b>

In Linux environment, if the `<webcontainer>` is not configured, `JavaSE` will be used as default. It means does not use any web container, just run your jar file.

Supported Value | Description
---|---
`tomcat 8.5` | Newest Tomcat 8.5
`tomcat 9.0` | Tomcat 9.0
`wildfly 14` | WildFly 14 (For jre8 only)
  

<b>The supported Value for web App on windows</b>

In Windows environment, default value is tomcat 8.5

Supported Value | Description
---|---
`tomcat 7.0` | Newest Tomcat 7.0
`tomcat 7.0.50` | Tomcat 7.0.50
`tomcat 7.0.62` | Tomcat 7.0.62
`tomcat 8.0` | Newest Tomcat 8.0
`tomcat 8.0.23` | Tomcat 8.0.23
`tomcat 8.5` | Newest Tomcat 8.5
`tomcat 8.5.6` | Tomcat 8.5.6
`jetty 9.1` | Newest Jetty 9.1
`jetty 9.1.0.20131115` | Jetty 9.1.0.v20131115
`jetty 9.3` | Newest Jetty 9.3
`jetty 9.3.13.20161014` | Jetty 9.3.13.v20161014
> Note: It is recommended to ignore the minor version number so that the latest supported web container will be used in your Web App.

#### `<resource>`
Property | Description
---|---
`directory` | Specifies where the resources are stored.
`targetPath` | Specifies the target path where the resources will be deployed to.
`includes` | A list of patterns to include, e.g. `**/*.war`.
`excludes` | A list of patterns to exclude, e.g. `**/*.xml`.

> Note: The `<targetPath>` is relative to the `/site/wwwroot/` folder except one case: it is relative to the
`/site/wwwroot/webapps` when you deploy the war package.

#### `<region>`
Some valid regions are listed as below. All valid regions please refer to [Azure Region Availability](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/services/?regions=all&products=app-service).
- `West US`
- `West US 2`
- `East Asia`


#### `<pricingTier>`
Some valid pricing tiers are listed as below. All valid pricing tiers please refer to [Azure App Service Plan Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/app-service/).
- `F1`
- `P1V2`
- `P2V2`

## Samples
A few typical usages of Maven Plugin for Azure App Service Web Apps are listed at [Web App Samples](../docs/web-app-samples.md). You can choose one to quickly get started.


## FeedBack and Questions
If you encounter any bugs with the maven plugins, please file an issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-maven-plugins/issues) section of our GitHub repo.


## Data and Telemetry
This project collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services.
Read Microsoft's [privacy statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) to learn more.
If you would like to opt out of sending telemetry data to Microsoft, you can set `allowTelemetry` to false in the plugin configuration.
Please read our [documents](https://aka.ms/azure-maven-config) to find more details.

Commit message:

Remove F1 reference from pricing tiers (#662)

azure-webapp-maven-plugin/README.md, after:

# Maven Plugin for Azure App Service

## Table of Content
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Goals](#goals)
      - [`azure-webapp:config`](#azure-webappconfig)
      - [`azure-webapp:deploy`](#azure-webappdeploy)
  - [Configuration Details](#configuration-details)
      - [`<javaVersion>`](#javaversion)
      - [`<webContainer>`](#webcontainer)
      - [`<resource>`](#resource)
      - [`<region>`](#region)
      - [`<pricingTier>`](#pricingtier)
  - [Samples](#samples)
  - [Feedback and Questions](#feedback-and-questions)
  - [Data and Telemetry](#data-and-telemetry)

## Overview
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.microsoft.azure/azure-webapp-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.microsoft.azure%22%20AND%20a%3A%22azure-webapp-maven-plugin%22)

The Maven Plugin for Azure App Service provides seamless integration into Maven projects,
and makes it easier for developers to deploy your applications to following types of [Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/):
  - [Web App on Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service-web/app-service-linux-intro)
  - [Web App on Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/app-service-web-overview)
  - [Web App for Containers](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/tutorial-custom-docker-image)


## Prerequisites

Tool | Required Version
---|---
JDK | 1.7 or above
Maven | 3.0 or above
## Quick Start
1. Make sure you have already authenticated in Azure. You can use the Azure CLI 2.0 for authentication. More authentication methods can be found [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).

   - Install the Azure CLI 2.0 by following the instructions in the [Install Azure CLI 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) article.
   - Run the following commands to log into your Azure subscription：
    ```
        $ az login
        $ az account set --subscription <subscription Id>
    ```
2. You could create a new Azure App Service and fill in the information in the `pom.xml`. This configuration can also be generated by [`azure-webapp:config`](#azure-webappconfig).
    ```xml
    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId>
                <artifactId>azure-webapp-maven-plugin</artifactId>
                <!-- check Maven Central for the latest version -->
                <version>1.6.0</version>
                <configuration>
                    <schemaVersion>v2</schemaVersion>
                    <resourceGroup>${RESOURCEGROUP_NAME}</resourceGroup>
                    <appName>${WEBAPP_NAME}</appName>
                    <runtime>
                        <os>linux</os>
                        <javaVersion>jre8</javaVersion>
                        <webContainer>tomcat 8.5</webContainer>
                    </runtime>
                    <deployment>
                        <resources>
                            <resource>
                                <directory>${project.basedir}/target</directory>
                                <includes>
                                    <include>*.war</include>
                                </includes>
                            </resource>
                        </resources>
                    </deployment>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>      
    ```
3. Use the following commands to deploy your project to Azure App Service.
    ```
    $ mvn azure-webapp:deploy
    ```

<a name="goals"></a>
## Goals

#### `azure-webapp:config`
-  A plugin goal providing a great experience for managing the configuration of [azure-webapp:deploy](#azure-webappdeploy), it will add configurations for your App Service into your pom.xml or rewrite existing ones based on your input.
-  The plugin goal will divide the configuration into 3 parts.
   1. Application
        
        You can configure appName, resource group, region, pricing tier at this part.
   2. Runtime
        
        You can configure operating system and runtime stack at this part. It should be noted that you can not change the operating system after you deploy it.
   3. DeploymentSlot
        
        You can configure deployment slot at this part.

#### `azure-webapp:deploy`
- Deploy artifacts or docker container image to an Azure Web App based on your configuration.<br>If the specified Web App does not exist, it will be created.
- Configuration:
    Common configurations of all Maven Plugins for Azure can be found [here](../docs/common-configuration.md).    

    > Using v2 schema is recommended. Please click [here](v1-schema.md) if you want to find more details about v1 schema (deprecated).

    Property | Required | Description | Version
    ---|---|---|---
    `<schemaVersion>` | false | Specify the version of the configuration schema. Supported values are: `v1`, `v2`. | 1.5.2
    [`<region>`](#region) | true | Specifies the region where your Web App will be hosted; the default value is **westus**. All valid regions at [Supported Regions](#region) section. | 0.1.0+
    `<resourceGroup>` | true | Azure Resource Group for your Web App. | 0.1.0+
    `<appName>` | true | The name of your Web App. | 0.1.0+
    [`<pricingTier>`](#pricingtier) | false | The pricing tier for your Web App. The default value is **P1V2**.| 0.1.0+
    `<deploymentSlot>` | false | The deployment slot to deploy your application. You could find detail samples for deployment slot at [here](../docs/web-app-samples.md).| 1.3.0+
    `<appServicePlanResourceGroup>` | false | The resource group of the existing App Service Plan. If not specified, the value defined in `<resourceGroup>` will be used by default. | 1.0.0+
    `<appServicePlanName>` | false | The name of the existing App Service Plan. | 1.0.0+
    `<appSettings>` | false | Specifies the application settings for your Web App. You could find detail samples for appsettings at [here](../docs/web-app-samples.md). | 0.1.0+
    `<stopAppDuringDeployment>` | false | To stop the target Web App or not during deployment. This will prevent deployment failure caused by IIS locking files. | 0.1.4+
    [`<runtime>`](#runtimesetting) | true | The runtime environment configuration, you could see the detail [here](#runtimesetting). | 0.1.0+
    [`<deployment>`](#deploymentsetting) | true | The deployment configuration, you could see the details [here](#deploymentsetting). | 0.1.0+


- <a name=runtimesetting></a> Runtime settings 

    Supported `<os>` values are *Linux*, *Windows* and *Docker*.    

    The runtime settings of v2 configuration could be omitted if users specify an existing Web App in the configuration and just want to do the deployment directly.
    ```xml
    <configuration>        
        <runtime>
            <os>Linux</os>
            <javaVersion>jre8</javaVersion>
            <webContainer></webContainer>
        </runtime>        
    </configuration>
    ```

    ```xml
    <configuration>
        <runtime>
            <os>Docker</os>
            <!-- only image is required -->
            <image>[hub-user/]repo-name[:tag]</image>
            <serverId></serverId>
            <registryUrl></registryUrl>
        </runtime>
    </configuration>
    ```
- <a name=deploymentsetting></a> Deployment settings

    Users don't need to care about the deployment type in v2 configuration.
    Just configure the resources to deploy to the Web App.

    It will use the [zip deploy](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deploying-from-a-zip-file) for fast and easy deploy.
    But if the artifact(s) are war package(s), [war deploy](https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/wiki/Deploying-WAR-files-using-wardeploy) will be used.
    Mix deploying war packages and other kinds of artifacts is not suggested and will cause errors.
    ```xml
    <configuration>
        ...
        <deployment>
         <resources>
          <resource>
            <directory>${project.basedir}/target</directory>
            <includes>
               <include>*.jar</include>
            </includes>            
          </resource>
         </resources>
        </deployment>
    </configuration>
    ```

## Configuration Details
#### `<javaVersion>`
<b>The supported values for Web App on Linux are `jre8`,`java11`.</b>

<b>The supported values for Web App on Windows:</b>

 Supported Value | Description
---|---
`1.7` | Java 7, Newest minor version
`1.7.0_51` | Java 7, Update 51
`1.7.0_71` | Java 7, Update 71
`1.8` | Java 8, Newest minor version
`1.8.0_25` | Java 8, Update 25
`1.8.0_60` | Java 8, Update 60
`1.8.0_73` | Java 8, Update 73
`1.8.0_111` | Java 8, Update 111
`1.8.0_92` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 8, Update 92
`1.8.0_102` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 8, Update 102
`11` | Java 11
`11.0.2_ZULU` | Azul's Zulu OpenJDK 11
> Note: It is recommended to ignore the minor version number so that the latest supported JVM will be used in your Web App.
  

#### `<webContainer>`

<b>The supported Value for web App on Linux</b>

In Linux environment, if the `<webcontainer>` is not configured, `JavaSE` will be used as default. It means does not use any web container, just run your jar file.

Supported Value | Description
---|---
`tomcat 8.5` | Newest Tomcat 8.5
`tomcat 9.0` | Tomcat 9.0
`wildfly 14` | WildFly 14 (For jre8 only)
  

<b>The supported Value for web App on windows</b>

In Windows environment, default value is tomcat 8.5

Supported Value | Description
---|---
`tomcat 7.0` | Newest Tomcat 7.0
`tomcat 7.0.50` | Tomcat 7.0.50
`tomcat 7.0.62` | Tomcat 7.0.62
`tomcat 8.0` | Newest Tomcat 8.0
`tomcat 8.0.23` | Tomcat 8.0.23
`tomcat 8.5` | Newest Tomcat 8.5
`tomcat 8.5.6` | Tomcat 8.5.6
`jetty 9.1` | Newest Jetty 9.1
`jetty 9.1.0.20131115` | Jetty 9.1.0.v20131115
`jetty 9.3` | Newest Jetty 9.3
`jetty 9.3.13.20161014` | Jetty 9.3.13.v20161014
> Note: It is recommended to ignore the minor version number so that the latest supported web container will be used in your Web App.

#### `<resource>`
Property | Description
---|---
`directory` | Specifies where the resources are stored.
`targetPath` | Specifies the target path where the resources will be deployed to.
`includes` | A list of patterns to include, e.g. `**/*.war`.
`excludes` | A list of patterns to exclude, e.g. `**/*.xml`.

> Note: The `<targetPath>` is relative to the `/site/wwwroot/` folder except one case: it is relative to the
`/site/wwwroot/webapps` when you deploy the war package.

#### `<region>`
Some valid regions are listed as below. All valid regions please refer to [Azure Region Availability](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/services/?regions=all&products=app-service).
- `West US`
- `West US 2`
- `East Asia`


#### `<pricingTier>`
Some valid pricing tiers are listed as below. All valid pricing tiers please refer to [Azure App Service Plan Pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/app-service/).
- `F1` (Windows Only)
- `P1V2`
- `P2V2`

> Note: Pricing tier selected should support the 'AlwaysOn' setting for deployment to succeed.

## Samples
A few typical usages of Maven Plugin for Azure App Service Web Apps are listed at [Web App Samples](../docs/web-app-samples.md). You can choose one to quickly get started.


## FeedBack and Questions
If you encounter any bugs with the maven plugins, please file an issue in the [Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-maven-plugins/issues) section of our GitHub repo.


## Data and Telemetry
This project collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services.
Read Microsoft's [privacy statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) to learn more.
If you would like to opt out of sending telemetry data to Microsoft, you can set `allowTelemetry` to false in the plugin configuration.
Please read our [documents](https://aka.ms/azure-maven-config) to find more details.
